Teeing off on him. Just a moment ago. Yeah. Dude who won? Who won 2018 Olympia.
Oh, well he's not, he's not flex Wheeler at all. It's giant thighs,
but to sized there, dude,
his apps are black. He looks like weird. Yeah. They look like.
Insects. How come that's okay. But blackface isn't.
Well, I think it goes black. Joe. What? Yeah. He's black. Everybody does that.
All. You got to do that too.
I know. They'll do that. You know? Oh my God. Look at that. Wait a minute.
Is he black? Well, if he's black, why did he look so whiter in that photo?
When he was doing most muscular?
I don't know who was.
Closing on that gentlemen through upper left-hand corner.
Upper left-hand corner.
Like you had before the image in the upper left hand corner keeps rolling up.
All the way up. That one. Yeah.
He might be African-American but he kinda Tino.
We should probably pay attention. What do you think he is? Jamie?
What is his national DACA? I'm not talking about that guy.
That's the same guy. The guy with the black abs. No, that's not him. Is it? Yes.
Oh, he's that's what I'm saying black, right? Or if he is, he's very light.
But what I'm saying is they are allowed to wear that stuff that makes your skin
look dark so you can see the muscles better,
but they get to a point where it's literally it's black face.
It's black body also face this from Egypt. Okay.
So he's Northern Africa, but he's much lighter,
more images, more.
Maha, Maha.
It doesn't make sense. It's going to pass. If that one of them has an accurate,
the one that most muscular that you just put up.
If that's an accurate skin tone car, Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ.
God is huge. Aw. What?
That one picture where you see his whole body that isn't even look like a real.
Person. He is an to that adoption dude. That, that dude,
how mad are people that we're talking about? that look like science. Oh,
Koreans with a straight left. She won the thing. This dude from Egypt.
Debbie, Pete, Phil heat bomber. He's a beast man. And you know,
this.
This beautiful spiritual position.
Oh, look a double tap on the face. But Kai green.
Just stopped doing the Olympic because it was uh, like rigged. So he was like,
this dude. Yeah. He'd be a good guy. Get on the podcast.
Dig his rig. Uh, he had Jesus. God
big Ramey. ZDC you say his name? Ramey. I think. Sorry. What is his full name?
We should be. I tried pronouncing. Cause.
That's possible. Let me go back to it.
You're much better at names than me Monday.
I don't want to this up. Mama do ELLs. BA no mama.
Let's listen to someone. Say it [inaudible].
I don't want to it up, man. Sounds so authentic though. I feel like.
5, 10, 310 pounds contest weight.
Five, 10. Yes. Come on son.
That's a thick dude.
Especially type of girl, white guys like regular white guys.
Who's the white guy. The big guy Gunther him.
He would compete with Ronnie Coleman. Those guys. No, his name was Gunther.
He was a giant Swede.
Like colossal for max man. You'd go chocolate.
Face. Do they get chocolate? But you can't. Jay Cutler went chocolate.
Jay girls show 10 girls do it too. And we just accepted. Yay.
It's full chocolate body. It's full chocolate body and chocolate phase.
It's like, as long as you go full chocolate, they don't give a,
but you have to go everywhere.
You can have like one side chocolate and one side now have face trying to win or
not. Well, not only that, it's not legal. You have to pretend you're one color.
Either accept the fact that you were in chocolate, body and chocolate face.
What.
Is that? That's not real. Is that real? Just as bodybuilder.
He will not leave my face mistakes. I think that might be real. If he went,
leave my face, bro. Yeah, dude, he went chocolate body. He was,
he was a really progressive bodybuilder and he couldn't go black face.
So he went though in it, go back to that picture. He went chocolate body,
but his face didn't touch it. You can't give him that much. Did a little shake.
Give him a.
He pretended he rolled around in there. Can't give him a metal bro.
Yeah, man. He's going to win because he went.
Only chocolate body, which is totally socially acceptable.
He totally didn't go chocolate face.
Hmm. Chocolate body. Look at this. They're literally spray tanning.
Exactly what they're turning that guy. Black go back home ma.
But he keeps the face. Is this real? That's before he went out,
before he went out, this is like,
he's like you are not taking a picture of me with black face on the show.
How ridiculous. Let's just call it chocolate face. Let's all call. Okay.
What's going on guys. Get shocked to those face.
Pure chocolate. I mean I know he does.
That'd be racist and I'm not saying there was no intent there to be racist.
Imagine, imagine.
If from this conversation, what the is that guy doing? That's bronze.
He's gets his body bronze up to, up to the neck and then he leaves it alone.
What has happened right.
Before I went at him. Wow. Okay.
Imagine, just imagine if, because of this conversation we put boom,
we bring awareness to chocolate face,
which is essentially a socially acceptable version of blackface.
We're basically telling.
You this guy, you need to go to jail, sir.
[inaudible] sir, look at the guy now.
Listen, but even forget all that, you don't look better when you do that,
you just look insane. Like.
You, you have a black man skin color and you have blonde spiky hair.
This is insanity. What am I looking at? This one, dude,
I'm looking at a puzzle. I'm like, what is that? A hot mess? I'm like,
what is that puzzle? Oh. Yeah. Here with a nice head kick.
Maybe we should pay attention. This.
Awesome fight through that white guy like skewed.
Chocolate body. Same guy. No, no, no. But like that's.
That's one guy dolled up and the other just natural.
They listen, man. I get it. Black eyes look better.
You're just going to have to deal with you. See the muscle fiber. I agree.
Just be white body.
[Inaudible] say this. No.
I'm sure. I think we might be the first to call it chocolate body.
And I think that is going to stick.
Oh, powerful spending over by.
Looking at it. Yeah. You're looking for the sweet,
but thinking about fighters tan, they get, they.
Try to get real tan toss.
Yeah, they do fighters get tan, but George St Pierre did, but you know,
there's a, there's actually got yellow. It was actually, there's a,
there's an actual benefit, like in terms of your performance,
the increase vitamin D from getting tan, like, um,
I think Steve Maxwell told me about this,
that they did some studies look at this last position. Boys scrapped. Yeah.
I believe Steve Maxwell told me that there's a there's physical benefits
to uh, getting tan being out in the sun. Yeah. Well,
not just that while your tan and your body's jacked up on vitamin
D from the exposure to the sun,
even I think probably not as good, but better than nothing.
Exposure to a tanning bed. That makes sense. It actually can benefit you. It's.
Really crazy that your body makes a vitamin.
I know it's the only way you suck in sunrise. Well, there's.
Other ways to get it dietarily,
but most of the way you get it staring at the sun.
Or being in the sun, it is crazy. Crazy. How bizarre is that?
God, I wish one of these two went chocolate body. Yeah.
Imagine if a guy fought, you know, see chocolate body and he's like, bro,
I got to get contracts. I want to look ripped. You know, you can't say anything.
I see how guys who are fortunate enough to have more melanin in their skin.
They look better. They get more contracts. It's true.
He can't hold that back from me.
Like you remember when chocolate Dell used to paint his toenails,
then everybody wanted to paint their toenails.
Black. Yeah. I'm talking about black.
Toes. Yup.
All we need is one dude to go chocolate body and
everybody goes nuts and he gets a big endorsement contract.
We need Rodriguez with the beautiful kicks,
but don't give a.
About your kicks. He's such a little monster.
Good defense there by area. But your Koreans. Oh.
Try it again. Try it again. But at the very least it's allowing him to escape.
Oh, step in elbow. Look at that. A creative dude clip though.
Temple that right hand without the zombie dude.
He like your flashy and just come forward. Well, in a lot of ways,
this is a real good test for him after the Frankie fight. Right.
You test for both of them. Right? What's the matter
logo fighters. Definitely can't do typed in fake tan UFC fighter.
Oh Sam Alvey.
Did he do that? 2015. Wow. You know the UFC.
Had to make in a policy about putting those, uh,
fake tattoos on your back that said like, uh, you know, casino,
something.com or box or donut. Yeah.
I think Bernard Hopkins was the first guy to do that.
There's some guys who did that. Yeah. UFC can't do that. You can't get tattoos.
You know it's in your contract. No tattoos of logos. Ah.
Interesting. Last went to the air it on television. No basketball too.
Like Jared.
Smith got like,
I think a Supreme tattoo and that day he had to cover it up a large one.
It's not.
A big Supreme debt. Unless you have ownership in that business.
Don't do that. Yeah. What is that about? I don't know. He has so many tattoos.
It's probably like, it. He's like, come on, give me free.
That's what he's doing.
Is that what it is? Wow.
It's got it right off the back of looking pretty sick though.
Oh, look at that.
Yeah. You're spinning elbow. That was nasty.
Did you see that replay?
We should pay attention to as far we've been talking about chocolate bodies.
Yeah. I think we have a point though. Dude.
I feel like we're the first ones really call it out. Yeah.
I've never heard of it before Jamie. I don't know.
There's probably a reason why there was a bunch of them tagged together on a
website. I'm.
Sure. True. I just think it's hilarious.
When you see the dudes who don't have chocolate face chocolate body.
That's so weird looking. It's just the faces just it's a normal color,
but I get it. I get it. It does make you look more defined.
Yeah, it does. When you're tan, you definitely look more shredded. Right?
Oh. You're here. But the thing about it is like tanning.
There's not really good for you, right? Like get that dark. Not all the time.
Right? If you got that dark.
I can't do it. That's why they have to spray paint. Um,
and also I would think that I wouldn't be mad if Korean zombie had somewhat of a
tan, but whatever. Oh, how dare you? That's what it looks like, bro.
So we're Korean going for the sand. Matches it up, dude. He does.
Good head movement too. He looks, he looks good. Standing up, dude.
How, how fun of a fight would have been for beat versus CIA?
That's a mother fight. Yeah. That would've been a really good fight.
I don't like that fight for as a B or a [inaudible]. Oh man. Nice.
Right-hand by the current zombie. Well, uh, I like it for,
to see entertainment wise. Oh I can just see. I want to see what's up. You know,
it's like a lot of people thought that uh,
Mike Perry had it all day for cowboy and cowboy just showed everybody what was
up tonight. That's what's interesting. Right?
You, you know, for a long time we know what cowboy brings.
We don't know what Mike Perry brings. We don't know what yeah.
You're or ZigBee bring.
We don't totally know what they bring the flyer tested.
Yeah. Yeah. We've seen ye are tested against Frankie. Frankie.
Edgar just destroyed. There was even a test that we test.
What is this? What's going on with the left picture? Yeah.
I can't put that on YouTube, but what is that left.
Picture? Is that a guy or a girl? What's a woman. How come she's never shirt on.
She allowed to, this was an.
Art,
an artist photographer or a photographer did like a series of photos on
the subject. So.
What's a transgender. No, no, no. Son of a. How dare you?
That's a transgender woman on the left. No, no, no. That's a woman. Who's um,
how should we put this?
A lot of muscle today.
That was not a woman in the.
Like that. This is a woman plant. No, it's a woman.
That's hooked up the or implants. Right. But my point is like,
that looks like, like her body in her proportions.
Look like that's a man, baby, like.
Like a different kind of thing, dude. If they.
Came up to you as a lady boy and tell him like, bro, the outta here do better.
But this is what I'm thinking. She looks like she can.
Be piecing them up. Is she, is he, oh, dad's going after him. Yeah. She.
Looks like she could be like, uh,
a type of human that evolved on a nearby star. She looks like Steve Nash with.
Am I right? Like good type of human that evolved at a nearby galaxy.
That's super similar.
To us. Oh no bro. Hopefully not. Well.
The, the implant or if that wasn't an implant,
if that's just what the breast look like, just super muscular on top.
Just like a guy super jacked. It looks like a rugby player.
And then he gets to the and he's this weird sort of um,
bulbous bags, maybe they're horns.
Or something or they're hard.
Rocks that they use for chess, bang and battle.
God, I that's a tough.
Co-project but that's not a classic female physique.
That's what I like the nails though.
Long white nails are strong touch. Go back to that. Jamie,
if there was any nail whatsoever about the feminine entity. Yeah.
Leave them nails.
Powerful. That's a man.
Demon hands
[inaudible] full of veins and thick looked like they'd been just lifting heavy
for years. Jerking off dude.
Boom, boom. Yeah. But.
Hey man, if that's how she wants to look, I don't give a. Do your thing, girl.
People that love to get jacked. They love to just be preposterous.
Oh that lady total chocolate face. How dare you do.
That? Chocolate face. She's dark.
Chocolate face. You need a new chocolate chip.
Full Coco. She looks.
Dude. If she was on the Megan Kelly show,
if she walked out in the background started posing. Right?
When Megan was talking about black face.
It's the whole world. Oh wait, wait, wait.
That's okay. Hold on. He telling me his. Okay.
It's okay, bro. It's a fitness car Olympia next week.
I'm just showing you how ripped my face is.
[inaudible] yeah. My face is shredded as son, dude.
I'm trying to show off my muscles right here. I guess I chew gum all day, bro.
When I want to stop, I don't want my cheeks right here is wrapped.
This makes zero sense. Blank faces. Chocolate faces ripped fro.
Oh bro. Getting that face.
Oh, Hey fella. You can't.
Do that. There's an Aboriginal do that.
Pave and someone has to translate the white man's language to them. dude.
That is, you got a guy. Why are we giving white people a pass on?
This are looking for gold. That's exactly.
What's up bro? Oh, how dare you, sir.
How many people want to wear a black face?
Cause they're super racist and they can't.
So body builders does that happen today?
I'm not saying it happens a lot, but it's a few.
Has it happened once as one guy? Just a bodybuilder bro,
man. Get over it man, man, man, man. Get over it man. Yeah.
Yeah. Get over it. And he starts like, oh rapping and.
[Inaudible] what? How is that acceptable? How is that possible?
That guy, it looks like somebody sprayed.
Ank on him, dude. You know how hard that is to get off,
to do these competitions. That guy looks like here's this. They fell in an oil.
Well, you know, unhealthy those people are you're the catalyst.
It looks like you fell.
In oil. He liked, they pulled him out of an oil. Well, I got, I was in there.
I had a, of you, the kid, he went under,
he went under and saved somebody and he's a hero.
You don't have to be black would say, whoa.
That guy might be black. Thanks. So how do you know Jamie? Don't get racist.
On this. Jamie Jesus.
Isn't that funny that you can get that would make you racist.
Like if you thought that one of these guys in chocolate face and chocolate skin
and chocolate body, if you thought one of those guys wasn't doing it.